docs/index.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "customcrud Provider"
description: |-
  A provider that allows custom CRUD operations via subprocess calls.
---

# customcrud Provider

A provider that allows custom CRUD operations via subprocess calls.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    customcrud = {
      source = "registry.terraform.io/customcrud/customcrud"
    }
  }
}

provider "customcrud" {
  # Optionally limit how many executions run in parallel.
  # This is useful if your scripts or tools are not safe to run concurrently.
  # This option defaults to 0 (unlimited parallelism).
  parallelism = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `high_precision_numbers` (Boolean) Enable high precision for floating point numbers. This will cause the json parsing for outputs to use 512-bit floats instead of the default 64-bit.
- `parallelism` (Number) Maximum number of scripts to execute in parallel. 0 means unlimited (default).

Commit message:

feat(provider): add config option for default_inputs

docs/index.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "customcrud Provider"
description: |-
  A provider that allows custom CRUD operations via subprocess calls.
---

# customcrud Provider

A provider that allows custom CRUD operations via subprocess calls.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    customcrud = {
      source = "registry.terraform.io/customcrud/customcrud"
    }
  }
}

provider "customcrud" {
  # Optionally limit how many executions run in parallel.
  # This is useful if your scripts or tools are not safe to run concurrently.
  # This option defaults to 0 (unlimited parallelism).
  parallelism = 1

  # `default_inputs` can be used for secret and non-secret config alike, and
  # will be merged into the input field sent to the all hooks. They will not
  # show up in any plans as they are only merged at execution time, this allows
  # you to pass in secrets via this method, as they will not be stored in any
  # plans or state, it will however still be visible in any debug logs if TF_LOG
  # is enabled so proceed with caution.
  default_inputs = {
    api_url = var.api_url
    api_key = var.api_key
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `default_inputs` (Dynamic) Default input values merged into every resource and data source input. Resource-level input takes priority over these defaults.
- `high_precision_numbers` (Boolean) Enable high precision for floating point numbers. This will cause the json parsing for outputs to use 512-bit floats instead of the default 64-bit.
- `parallelism` (Number) Maximum number of scripts to execute in parallel. 0 means unlimited (default).
