docs/resources/customcrud.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "customcrud Resource - customcrud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# customcrud (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
## file/create.sh"
# input="$(cat)"
# id="$(mktemp)"
# content="$(echo "$input" | jq -r ".input.content")"
# echo "$content" > "$id"
# jq -n --arg id "$id" --arg content "$content" '{id: $id, content: $content}'

## file/read.sh"
# input="$(cat)"
# id="$(echo "$input" | jq -r ".id")"
# content=$(cat "$id") || exit 22
# jq -n --arg id "$id" --arg content "$content" '{id: $id, content: $content}'

## file/update.sh"
# input="$(cat)"
# id="$(echo "$input" | jq -r ".id")"
# content="$(echo "$input" | jq -r ".input.content")"
# echo "$content" > "$id"
# jq -n --arg id "$id" --arg content "$(cat "$id")" '{id: $id, content: $content}'

## file/delete.sh"
# input="$(cat)"
# id="$(echo "$input" | jq -r '.id')"
# rm "$id"

# This example shows how you would create the equivalent of the local_file resource
resource "customcrud" "file" {
  hooks {
    create = "file/create.sh"
    read   = "file/read.sh"
    update = "file/update.sh"
    delete = "file/delete.sh"
  }

  input = {
    content = "Hello, World!"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `hooks` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--hooks))
- `input` (Dynamic) Input data for the resource

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Resource identifier
- `output` (Dynamic) Output data from the resource

<a id="nestedblock--hooks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hooks`

Required:

- `create` (String) Create command (space-separated command and arguments)
- `delete` (String) Delete command (space-separated command and arguments)
- `read` (String) Read command (space-separated command and arguments)

Optional:

- `update` (String) Update command (space-separated command and arguments)

Commit message:

feat(resource): add input_wo for write-only values

docs/resources/customcrud.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "customcrud Resource - customcrud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# customcrud (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
## file/create.sh"
# input="$(cat)"
# id="$(mktemp)"
# content="$(echo "$input" | jq -r ".input.content")"
# echo "$content" > "$id"
# jq -n --arg id "$id" --arg content "$content" '{id: $id, content: $content}'

## file/read.sh"
# input="$(cat)"
# id="$(echo "$input" | jq -r ".id")"
# content=$(cat "$id") || exit 22
# jq -n --arg id "$id" --arg content "$content" '{id: $id, content: $content}'

## file/update.sh"
# input="$(cat)"
# id="$(echo "$input" | jq -r ".id")"
# content="$(echo "$input" | jq -r ".input.content")"
# echo "$content" > "$id"
# jq -n --arg id "$id" --arg content "$(cat "$id")" '{id: $id, content: $content}'

## file/delete.sh"
# input="$(cat)"
# id="$(echo "$input" | jq -r '.id')"
# rm "$id"

# This example shows how you would create the equivalent of the local_file resource
resource "customcrud" "file" {
  hooks {
    create = "file/create.sh"
    read   = "file/read.sh"
    update = "file/update.sh"
    delete = "file/delete.sh"
  }

  input = {
    content = "Hello, World!"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `hooks` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--hooks))
- `input` (Dynamic) Input data for the resource
- `input_wo` (String, Sensitive, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Write-only input data (JSON string) for the resource, merged with input

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Resource identifier
- `output` (Dynamic) Output data from the resource

<a id="nestedblock--hooks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hooks`

Required:

- `create` (String) Create command (space-separated command and arguments)
- `delete` (String) Delete command (space-separated command and arguments)
- `read` (String) Read command (space-separated command and arguments)

Optional:

- `update` (String) Update command (space-separated command and arguments)
